The reading agreement is established. Let's continue explaining.
I heard that this kid is studied in other families’ schools.
Not even his life. Good night,
I think he is crazy. Master, open from intermediate profession.
It costs a piece of material, and it’s crazy to drive it anywhere.
Just follow you. I hope you won't cheat for a while.
I went to a meeting online because I had a million dollars in my belly.
Your life is coming in today.
He has learned so much information, and this is the first time he has seen a fool.
I really owe you the reward
Although the sun is not as good as the emperor
But this piece of material is so big
It's also getting stronger
Then there's no way I'm going to owe you a reward for this piece of material.
You mean it's me and this gun?
Do you have no opinion?
I will now marry Chen Yun and Lin's daughter